title: Set
--- |
  A `set` is like a `list` with a few differences:
  * The items in a set are unique. So, if you add a duplicate item to the set, it would just be discarded.
  * The items in a set are unordered. So, There is no index for items in the set.

  Let's look at a few examples to understand these differences.

---
type: live-code
id: 8ecf0aff-f8a8-466c-8348-9dc214fb48a8
code: |
  unique_numbers = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}

  # let's see what happened to the duplicate entries in our set
  unique_numbers

---
type: live-code
id: cd3418f8-f499-4646-9990-8767763f2592
code: |
  favorite_fruits = {'apple', 'banana', 'kiwi', 'pineapple'}

  # uh, what if pineapple is not the favorite but mango is?
  favorite_fruits.discard('pineapple')
  favorite_fruits.add('mango')

  favorite_fruits

---
type: live-code
id: 35beb9a6-86e8-4665-beff-14d3dc4490f4
code: |
  sweet = {'apple', 'banana', 'orange', 'tangerine', 'lemon', 'kiwi'}
  sour = {'green apple', 'unripe mango', 'orange', 'tangerine', 'lemon'}

  # which fruits are sweet and sour?
  print('sweet and sour fruits:', sweet & sour)

  # which fruits are sweet or sour? basically, all the fruits there are.
  print('sweet or sour fruits:', sweet | sour)

--- |
  **Note:** To create an empty set, use `set()` and not `{}`. `{}` will create an empty dict that we'll study next.

---
type: live-code
id: af74a274-8391-4f19-a3f0-b5dbfce9f391
code: |
  print('{} is of type', type({}))
  print('set() is of type', type(set()))

---
type: testless-coding-question
id: 77ef7d83-bd2f-4080-b0a2-bd61e1648f85
question: |
  Keep asking the user to enter a number till the user enters `0`. Print the set of unique numbers that user entered. Use `set` for the same.
code: |
  # your code goes here
